being of the voyages of the Starship
Enterprise why it's never-ending mission
is to seek out new paths forms to
explore strange new regulations to
boldly go where no government employee
has gone before
captain's log stardate eight-point 23 at
21 10 we receive a distress call from
the planet low techs in the 8's system
according to their leaders the planet
civilization has degraded to Anarchy
chaos rules over order we've sent a
landing party to assess the situation
and report back we hope we're not too
late
I'm receiving incoming reports from the
landing party but it's difficult to hear
captain there's poor reception
fascinating can't you do something
attempting modulate the frequency now
sorry about the uniforms captain the dry
cleaner gave me the wrong order stir
like coffee while you wait sir it's
better than McDonald's
and only twice the price no can do the
yeoman I've already spent my per diem
for the day coming in clear now captain
shall I open a channel
yes on screen lieutenant Mackey report
mister it's worse than we thought
there's money laundering bribery tests
pay haircuts and manicures
running rampant in the street sir
they're even exchanging the lowest coin
currency for paper bills right sir
pennies on the dollar
understood lieutenant
good work we'll take that back to our
next executive committee meeting I'll
get back to you sir another member of
the landing party is hailing us on
screen lieutenant captain we've
uncovered a complex tax evasion scheme
using several off-planet accounts there
was a difficult money try to follow but
in the end we got it what tipped you off
colonel an anonymous tweet came in
amazing what you can catch on Twitter
these days sir I'm just a good work
they're all calling in now captain
can you hear me now boy there was an
alien identity staff has gotten out of
hand with a plan
so far I've encountered at least a dozen
attack scenes with the same solar
security number all going by the name
Bob that's right a captain and there's
one more problem interplanetary tax
practitioners practicing with our
license we asked one guy for his
credentials and he showed us his movie
ticket stub which movie wasn't avatar 17
before Dee back in Russia I dream
someday I'd be a rich and famous me too
that's why I became a public servant it
would seem captain the no tax Yuans
lack of skilled tax leaders has resulted
in a widespread case of confusion
uninformed taxpayers high non-compliance
no strategic vision I'm afraid without a
wealth of skilled leaders anarchy is
spreading across the planet like a virus
how long before total anarchy if my
calculations are correct total anarchy
will occur and can eleven eleven hours
what is it oh I just received an
emergency medical distress call from the
planet Chris they're dying down there
some new fangled disease I've never seen
anything like it they call it the tax
gap flu
[Music]
Engineering how fast and gives the heck
out of here Chris what about the landing
part engineering the layout order how
fast can you beam up the landing party
and then get us the heck out of here I
could give you a whoops fix maybe what
seven captain but more than that she
cannot do the walk four is still
recovering from left when it's frozen
video stores we're drying the engines as
fast as we can okay keep me informed
captain there may be another solution I
took the liberty of doing a time warp
scan of the galaxy and believe I have
found a definite leaders who could be of
assistance
they met back in the 21st century in
Anaheim California earth sir
that's perfect Chris we could go back in
time and bring the leaders into our
century and pick up some tax cap
magazine at a local pharmacy think the
travel expenses in medicine can be
autumn eyes that's an idea bones you to
think in fact I'm grateful for
everyone's contribution is this problem
an engaged team is a successful team
[Music]
toast study and engineering to get us
back to earth as fast as they get
everybody grab the strategic plans and
get ready to beam down shall I wear a
speak cap to cover my ears
captain ah the ears a fly okay I'll
loosen up a little we once in a while
it's morning
you
[Music]